Master Qiao, you mean this dung?
This is what rural people use to use the toilet
How could it be baby?
This is priceless.
Small two starts from 6
This is also a national treasure
Ah sister, take a look
What national treasure?
So this is a dung bucket.
It stinks, take it away
I don't understand. It's priceless
A true national treasure
Does this work?
You have to.
You don't want it, you don't want it, I want it.
No, no, since Master Joe said it was a baby
I want me to buy
Boss boss
Ouch, Master Huang
Why did you come to my shop?
Li Baiqing, I have a few treasures recently.
Please add a piece of salt, no need.
Just this and this and this
The emperor's eye is for shit
What are you talking about?
Raise the price so that the emperor will look at me and say it well
One price will charge you 500,000
500,000 why don't you rob it?
Master Huang, I am ancestral
It stinks but it's definitely genuine
It is against my ancestral decision to sell it to you.
OK
Okay.
Hey, I have a baby.
I have a baby, I have a national treasure, haha.
Hey, Mr. Xu
You came just in time
This is what I just taught
The baby was selected by the Taoist priest Qiao himself for me
Take a look.